# TikTok-YouTube
This repository contains code to use various APIs to get data from YouTube and TikTok for analysis.
### Prerequisites
- You have python 3.7(or higher) installed.
- You have Ananconda 3 installed. See [Anaconda's official website](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) for reference. You can skip this step too. This is just for creating a virtual environment for the project's dependencies.
### Setup
- Clone the repository.
- Open terminal and cd in the project's root.
- Create and activate a virtual env using the following command : (OPTIONAL: only do this step if you have anaconda installed)
```
conda create --name <name of your env>
conda activate <name of your env>
```
- Install the python's pip module.
```
conda install pip
```
- Run the following command to install all the dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
If you get error then check your python or pip installation.

To run a script:
```
cd <to_script_directory>
python <script_name>.py
```
## TikTok Data Extraction
You need a token from TikTok to make calls to TikTok. To get the token:
- Follow 1:53 - 2:10 of this YouTube [tutorial](https://youtu.be/zwLmLfVI-VQ?t=113).
- Put the value you got in the verifyFp field in the utils.py.
You have 2 files to work with:
- filesbyuser.py : You can get the tiktoks for a username.
- filesbyhashtag.py : You can get the tiktoks using hashtags.
Modify these files according to your requirements. These scripts generate .csv files with details of all the tiktoks in them. Make sure to set the data paths accordingly in the code.
## YouTube Data Extraction
You need an API key to query the youtube APIs. Follow the [YouTube APIs official](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/) docs to get your API key.
After getting the key, put the value in the YouTube/utils.py script.
You have 4 scripts to work with here:
- getdatabysearch.py : Will generate a .csv file with the results for a search query term.
- getdatabyuser.py : Fetches the details for a channel and stores it in a csv. Update the channel ids of the users you want to get data for in the utils.py. Then run this script to get the details for that particular channel, stored in videos.csv.
- getvideodatabyid.py : Fetches the details of a particular video. There must be a videos.csv already generated by the getdatabyuser.py script before running this script. Also, tags associated with a channel should be updated in the utils.py. This will update the videos.csv file with more information about the videos.
- getcommentsbyvideo.py - Fetches the details of  comments for a particular video. Before running this script, getvideodatabyid.py script must be run to have a videos.csv file.
These scripts can be easily modified according to one's requirements.